our last pizzas together as roommates oh
i wish i'd known you're gonna do that i
ordered chinese oh well that's okay
hey
actually in a way it's kind of nice you
know our last dinner together me
bringing the food of my ancestors
you the food of yours
say joe i had a strange idea for what we
could do for our last night what do you
say we play a little uh foosball for
money
are you crazy you haven't beaten me once
since my injury plagued 97 season it's
easier if you just give me your money
yes it would
what do you say to 50
okay you're out okay let's play the big
game italy versus
china
apparently yes
i win again ah that's like 500 bucks you
owe me
that is a lot of electricity huh
i got to buy some food
okay give me a chance to win my money
back okay sudden death one goal
one thousand dollars
you serious oh yes
okay
get ready to homie okay okay here we go
ready
[Music]
no no
one can beat me
see now that's why only the little fake
man are supposed to do the kicking
sucks man it's your last night here and
i lose the two most important things in
my life the foosball table
and five hundred dollars
well you know there are other ways you
can win back your money how about a
little uh a little blackjack yeah i'm
not my game okay uh how about how about
you know what we we can play a new game
a new game it's fun well what's it
called
cups
i don't know how to play i'll teach you
come on come on three ladies really
really fun all right okay here you go
i have two queens what do you have
a two and a five oh you win fifty
dollars
really oh yeah okay let's play again
ready
what do you got
four and a nine
you're kidding right
oh why well that's a full cup
damn i am good at cops
you win
oh what did you have well it doesn't
matter nothing beats a three and a six
that my friend is d cup
okay now how much have you won so far
uh wow 700 not 700 exactly
double it
yes in cups once you get 700
you have to double it
hey i didn't make up the rules
okay so now after you receive the
doubling bonus you get uh one card now
that one card could be worth one hundred
dollars which brings your total to
fifteen hundred
dollars don't get too excited because
that's not gonna happen unless you get
the no way
i want you to have the big white dog as
a kind of a you know like a thank you
for
being such a great roommate
i can't take the big white dog you love
it
it's him not it
you know what what if i bought it from
you you know and then your your nice
gesture would be giving it to me at a
reasonable price say fifteen hundred
dollars
wait a second i see what you're trying
to do here
you're you're trying to give me money
again
when did i try to give you money before
over there with the bills you tried to
give me charity i said no you dropped it
okay then we had a nice last night
together we had some fun we gambled
nobody tried to give anybody any money
now out of the blue you'd start with the
charity thing again i'm just trying to
help you out okay i want to make sure
that you're okay i will be okay look
chandler you got to get it out of your
head that i can't take care of myself
okay
look
i'm not gonna miss you helping me out
with money
the only thing that i'm gonna miss
is you
and now the dog
[Music]
you